trapped alongside the chimps are black
and white colobus the Chi Amara chimps
love to eat them this is where the
male's teamwork is essential Brutus and
Hatari have to work together colobus
monkeys are fast and clever success is
not guaranteed
[Music]
teenage ma ji is keen to join in if he
wants to help he'd better be up to the
job the quarry is in their sights
[Music]
and the chase is on baby monkeys are the
target but a male colobus will fight to
the death for his family getting past
the protective dad's is no easy task
Brutus pushes the monkeys into position
straight towards awaiting Hatari they'll
be no match for his strength and
aggression
[Music]
the colobus can go no further they're
cornered Ataris trying to get to them
but teenage Margie keeps getting in the
way
Atari prepares for the final charge but
Margie blocks his path
[Music]
the hunt is over it's been a disaster
Brutus's disappointment is intense
the chimps have wasted a lot of energy
and it's all Maggie's fault